it's not going to be in a box it's going
to be it's going to be on a table
somewhere get up get out of my way
there's nothing in my way but even so
hello mm-hmm find a here you're right
they should
you miss me
I have nothing to speak to you about
why did I take another bloody quest far
I could have just done that one in like
an 15 minutes I did that other one end
and I was like yeah I go to Napa no no I
do another one didn't I to push my luck
man in one house I don't think it's
going to be here
oh good there's a minus pic
no I don't think this is the place where
dude and again oh there was an out there
but screw it screw it I need to free the
slaves where the hell do I get what oh I
got to go up here and then round here to
it I see all right I need to rest until
healed even though I don't need to
because I'm not gonna fight anything why
am I the guards might not appreciate me
doing this
you never know go free yes go free my
pretties invade the world with your
nakedness ronan frolic in the rain and
the and the net and the cliff races in
fact thinking about it I probably just
all come just condemned you all to death
you probably it's all going to die now
because I've freed you once we're gonna
run out going yay you got to rated
braces on so you must be a very bad
slave and probably deserve to be here
but nevertheless
one of the guards like it not bother
running around freeing slaves does it
affect my pain not bothered they're just
gonna stand there anyway I'm not going
anyway because they're actually quite
happy
maybe there we go that was the entire
there we go I've done it I have done it
woot would for me what I have succeeded
in my mission and I have freed the
slaves I am very act the Liberator let's
go somewhere better than where we are
now let's go home well I have well I
succeeded I did it i freed a load of
slaves in that session bizarre the twin
lamps are gonna love me and how ironic
isn't it it stops raining and i'm home
always the way all right let's rest
until it is morning and the next time
when we start I won't have to come back
here and rest up and then wait until
it's time to leave again
all right then so there we are thank you
all that was fun to suggestions this
week I do spoil you all don't I um oh I
someone said it made me made me laugh
I'd forgotten my napkin for this but i
don't think i have any folded cloth if I
do find some faulty cloth I will place
it just there for the napkin I don't
know who said that I forget but he did
make me laughs oh alright so that was a
let's indirectly morrowind and i shall
see you next week Saturday's remember
every Saturday I'm gonna blow these and
yeah dude Lou bye bye